Readme suggestion change (#549)
Adyen/adyen-magento2: README.md

Use Adyen's plugin for Magento 2 to offer frictionless payments online, in-app, and in-store.

## Integration

> The plugin integrates card component(Secured Fields) using Adyen Checkout for all card payments. Local/redirect payment methods are integrated with DirectoryLookup and HPP. For point-of-sale payments we use Terminal API using Cloud-based communication. Boleto and SEPA are a direct API integration into Adyen.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The plugin integrates card component(Secured Fields) using Adyen Checkout for all card payments. Local/redirect payment methods are integrated with Adyen Checkout and Checkout components. For point-of-sale payments we use Terminal API using Cloud-based communication. Boleto and SEPA are a direct API integration into Adyen.
```
we should change this as well
